treewide: Remove nRF Cloud Alerts from NCS (#28276)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/nrf_cloud_rest_device_message/README.rst

The REST Device Message sample demonstrates how to use the `nRF Cloud REST API`_ to send `Device Messages <nRF Cloud Device Messages_>`_ using the ``SendDeviceMessage`` REST endpoint.
Every button press sends a message to nRF Cloud.

> It demonstrates use of the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library. It sends a log message indicating the sample version, as well as when the button is pressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample uses the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library.
When the device first comes online, it sends a log message that indicates the sample version.
When a button is pressed, the device sends the same log message indicating the sample version.
```

The REST Device Message sample demonstrates how to use the `nRF Cloud REST API`_ to send `Device Messages <nRF Cloud Device Messages_>`_ using the ``SendDeviceMessage`` REST endpoint.
Every button press sends a message to nRF Cloud.

The sample uses the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library.
When the device first comes online, it sends a log message that indicates the sample version.

> When a button is pressed, the device sends the same log message indicating the sample version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a button is pressed, the device sends the same log message to nRF Cloud indicating the sample version.
```
